README.md, before:

# Gnosis.js Library 

[![Logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gnosis/gnosis.js/master/assets/logo.png)](https://gnosis.pm/)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/gnosis/gnosis.js.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/gnosis/gnosis.js)

[![Slack Status](https://slack.gnosis.pm/badge.svg)](https://slack.gnosis.pm)

## Really quick start

1. Get [TestRPC](https://github.com/ethereumjs/testrpc)
2. Run this:
   ```
   testrpc -d -i 437894314312
   ```
3. Clone [Gnosis contracts](https://github.com/gnosis/gnosis-contracts), cd in there, and migrate the contracts onto the TestRPC instance with:
   ```
   cd path/to/gnosis-contracts
   npm install
   npm run migrate
   ```
4. Download [`gnosis.js`](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gnosis/gnosis.js/master/dist/gnosis.js) and put it in an HTML file:
   ```
   <script src=gnosis.js></script>
   ```
5. Follow some tutorials:
   * [API Overview](https://gnosis.github.io/gnosis.js/tutorial-api-overview.html)
   * [Events, Oracles, and Markets](https://gnosis.github.io/gnosis.js/tutorial-events-oracles-and-markets.html)


## Installation

Run `npm install` to install dependencies.

Needs a Web3 provider to work. For testing, try TestRPC.

## Development

Before you begin, you will want to have the contracts deployed on the chain you plan to use. You can deploy contracts through the RPC interface on localhost:8545 with

```
npm run migrate
```

The build process using Truffle will insert the chain locations in a `networks` key on the contract build artifacts.

### Building

You can run `npm run nodebuild` to build the library for Node.js use.

You can also run `npm run webbuild` to build the library targeting the web. Note that this will compile in all network information present in the build artifacts, including temporary network information generated by TestRPC during migrations. You may use `npm run netreset` beforehand to remove unofficial network info and reset to official deployed locations if desired.

### Running the dev server

Run `npm run dev` to run the dev server and serve the examples. The library source will be continuously recompiled. Examples will be available on http://localhost:8080. Don't forget to refresh the page after you change the source.

### Running the tests

Run `npm test` to run test suite. This should run without the need of an RPC provider running on localhost:8545. If you already have such a provider running and wish to run the test suite without automatically spinning up TestRPC and causing a chain migration, use `npm run test-manual`.

You may also provide mocha options through the `MOCHA_OPTS` environment variable, e.g. `MOCHA_OPTS='-g estimate' npm test`.

## Documentation

API documentation and tutorials can be found hosted online at https://gnosis.github.io/gnosis.js/

### Running the docs

Run `npm run doc` to build and open a local build of the documentation in your browser.

### Web3 options

The methods on the API can be provided with `from`, `to`, `value`, `gas`, and `gasPrice` options which get passed down to the `web3.js` layer.

### Gas estimations

Many of the methods on the gnosis API also have an asynchronous `estimateGas` property which you can use, while allowing you to specify the gas estimation source. For example:

```javascript
// using the estimateGas RPC
await gnosis.createCentralizedOracle.estimateGas(ipfsHash, { using: 'rpc' }))

// using stats derived from gnosis-contracts
await gnosis.createCentralizedOracle.estimateGas({ using: 'stats' }))
```

Commit message:

Update Ganache-cli instead of TestRPC on README
installation.md was also updated

README.md, after:

# Gnosis.js Library

[![Logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gnosis/gnosis.js/master/assets/logo.png)](https://gnosis.pm/)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/gnosis/gnosis.js.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/gnosis/gnosis.js)

[![Slack Status](https://slack.gnosis.pm/badge.svg)](https://slack.gnosis.pm)

## Really quick start

1. Get [Ganache-cli](https://github.com/trufflesuite/ganache-cli)
   ```
   npm install -g ganache-cli
   ```
2. Run this:
   ```
   ganache-cli -d -i 437894314312
   ```
3. Clone [Gnosis contracts](https://github.com/gnosis/gnosis-contracts), cd in there, and migrate the contracts onto the Ganache-cli instance with:
   ```
   cd path/to/gnosis-contracts
   npm install
   npm run migrate
   ```
4. Download [`gnosis.js`](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gnosis/gnosis.js/master/dist/gnosis.js) and put it in an HTML file:
   ```
   <script src=gnosis.js></script>
   ```
5. Follow some tutorials:
   * [API Overview](https://gnosis.github.io/gnosis.js/tutorial-api-overview.html)
   * [Events, Oracles, and Markets](https://gnosis.github.io/gnosis.js/tutorial-events-oracles-and-markets.html)


## Installation

Run `npm install` to install dependencies.

Needs a Web3 provider to work. For testing, try Ganache-cli.

## Development

Before you begin, you will want to have the contracts deployed on the chain you plan to use. You can deploy contracts through the RPC interface on localhost:8545 with

```
npm run migrate
```

The build process using Truffle will insert the chain locations in a `networks` key on the contract build artifacts.

### Building

You can run `npm run nodebuild` to build the library for Node.js use.

You can also run `npm run webbuild` to build the library targeting the web. Note that this will compile in all network information present in the build artifacts, including temporary network information generated by Ganache-cli during migrations. You may use `npm run netreset` beforehand to remove unofficial network info and reset to official deployed locations if desired.

### Running the dev server

Run `npm run dev` to run the dev server and serve the examples. The library source will be continuously recompiled. Examples will be available on http://localhost:8080. Don't forget to refresh the page after you change the source.

### Running the tests

Run `npm test` to run test suite. This should run without the need of an RPC provider running on localhost:8545. If you already have such a provider running and wish to run the test suite without automatically spinning up Ganache-cli and causing a chain migration, use `npm run test-manual`.

You may also provide mocha options through the `MOCHA_OPTS` environment variable, e.g. `MOCHA_OPTS='-g estimate' npm test`.

## Documentation

API documentation and tutorials can be found hosted online at https://gnosis.github.io/gnosis.js/

### Running the docs

Run `npm run doc` to build and open a local build of the documentation in your browser.

### Web3 options

The methods on the API can be provided with `from`, `to`, `value`, `gas`, and `gasPrice` options which get passed down to the `web3.js` layer.

### Gas estimations

Many of the methods on the gnosis API also have an asynchronous `estimateGas` property which you can use, while allowing you to specify the gas estimation source. For example:

```javascript
// using the estimateGas RPC
await gnosis.createCentralizedOracle.estimateGas(ipfsHash, { using: 'rpc' }))

// using stats derived from gnosis-contracts
await gnosis.createCentralizedOracle.estimateGas({ using: 'stats' }))
```
